abecarevic,fXWuDMav,Amer,Bečarević,OŠ 9. Maj
hlihovac,NxrZYwr4,Hava,Lihovac,OŠ 9. Maj
asabic,P2uXKM2a,Adna,Šabić,OŠ 9. Maj
abasic,XgaFJnUT,Asmin,Bašić,OŠ Aleksa Šantić
aisovic,rUTEvVgT,Aida,Isović,OŠ Aleksa Šantić
etelibecirovic,fY9HVCqY,Ena,Telibečirović,OŠ Aleksa Šantić
hekmic,nKR4AV8u,Hamza,Ekmić,OŠ Alija Nametak
ekarovic,qwYZstPf,Emin,Karović,OŠ Alija Nametak
bsuljevic,PJidfrFN,Bakir,Suljević,OŠ Alija Nametak
ebihorac,Bxb8yqwS,Emin,Bihorac,OŠ Avdo Smailović
edautovic,kkWfG3R4,Ejla,Dautović,OŠ Avdo Smailović
afijuljanin,77bBaHPc,Amina,Fijuljanin,OŠ Avdo Smailović
hhalilovic,BmBRZXcb,Halima,Halilović,OŠ Avdo Smailović
ekunic,YGPDPEaP,Esmira,Kunić,OŠ Avdo Smailović
epozder,3EBv8PBV,Emina,Pozder,OŠ Avdo Smailović
nsabeta,wbtg4yhX,Nađa,Šabeta,OŠ Avdo Smailović
aasani,pD5RGb2v,Amel,Asani,OŠ Behaudin Selmanović
eherac,yS2jhysZ,Enis,Herac,OŠ Behaudin Selmanović
imekic,ga5F4x7y,Ilhan,Mekić,OŠ Behaudin Selmanović
iselimovic,Ssb79sUa,Isa,Selimović,OŠ Behaudin Selmanović
abajric,KMHZpE3T,Adel,Bajric,OŠ Ćamil Sijarić
afehratbegovic,Be9tpX2U,Abdullah,Fehratbegovic,OŠ Ćamil Sijarić
mkozic,A33Bh55V,Mirza,Kozic,OŠ Ćamil Sijarić
tsuljevic,UBjjz9t3,Tarik,Suljevic,OŠ Ćamil Sijarić
ialibegovic,VgeHe5FE,Ida,Alibegović,OŠ Čengić Vila I
ifazlic,4WZXyEfs,Igor,Fazlić,OŠ Čengić Vila I
afazlic,7kiKdJrB,Andi,Fazlic,OŠ Čengić Vila I
vgastan,Gk7iUBAg,Vedad,Gaštan,OŠ Čengić Vila I
akaralija,xhJ7FHSf,Alen,Karalija,OŠ Čengić Vila I
mavdic,tUP2MNrd,Muhamed,Avdić,OŠ Deseta osnovna škola
ngabela,XWAGxnWa,Nedim,Gabela,OŠ Deseta osnovna škola
bosmanovic,auAFRUAC,Bakir,Osmanović,OŠ Deseta osnovna škola
nfoco,uGRJXT88,Nuh,Fočo,OŠ Druga osnovna škola
bhadzimuratovic,YjgNbedR,Berin,Hadžimuratović,OŠ Druga osnovna škola
amaslo,wjddrUNA,Adna,Maslo,OŠ Druga osnovna škola
amesic,92cwsV4f,Adi,Mešić,OŠ Druga osnovna škola
aaganovic,pDNqZ6kW,Armin,Aganović,OŠ Edhem Mulabdić
bcinjarevic,m86ijdmz,Bakir,Činjarević,OŠ Edhem Mulabdić
ihajdar,8ttPJss9,Iman,Hajdar,OŠ Edhem Mulabdić
eskaka,fY6YTgaU,Emir,Skaka,OŠ Edhem Mulabdić
hbutkovic,JgeHYSX2,Husein,Butkovic,OŠ Grbavica I
afejzagic,ys87EDMm,Alan,Fejzagic,OŠ Grbavica I
aibrahimkadic,UWp2Y4Hf,Alem,Ibrahimkadic,OŠ Grbavica I
ajerlagic,c9AjdygT,Afan,Jerlagic,OŠ Grbavica I
vkozica,JVV5NfRJ,Vedad,Kozica,OŠ Grbavica I
iredzepi,tBHrAnrg,Izeta,Redzepi,OŠ Grbavica I
isvrakic,HBfM3ipa,Isa,Svrakic,OŠ Grbavica I
aahmed,RsGPEeFP,Abdullah,Ahmed,OŠ Grbavica II
tfetahovic,BjxCx67J,Tarik,Fetahović,OŠ Grbavica II
kizetbegovic,FETKdBqq,Kenan,Izetbegović,OŠ Grbavica II
aalicehajic,rn3nHmeP,Ali,Aličehajić,OŠ Hasan Kaimija
aguso,CqGp757u,Ajdin,Gušo,OŠ Hasan Kaimija
tibrahimovic,WnZqrGDV,Tarik,Ibrahimović,OŠ Hasan Kaimija
adono,d9WMaDYu,Arman,Đono,OŠ Hasan Kaimija
acehic,zkEvhTbH,Adrian,Čehić,OŠ Hasan Kikić
idzemic,wAr9cTPn,Imran,Džemić,OŠ Hasan Kikić
lgajic,WXTBU625,Luka,Gajić,OŠ Hasan Kikić
bsukalo,HTtS7GF9,Berin,Šukalo,OŠ Hasan Kikić
ibrkic,32kjUn7q,Imran,Brkić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
idzafic,g37gwKXp,Ismail,Džafić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
mhusic,9GhVm65g,Mustafa,Husić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
mmusa,mFUe46JP,Muhamed,Musa,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
mmuslic,8yGNi4rs,Muhamed,Muslić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
hpacariz,XMekvxWv,Haris,Pačariz,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
spasovic,tJq9ys3B,Sendin,Pašović,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
mporic,hGqipHz6,Medina,Porić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
aporic,EDgVJ7mZ,Ahmed,Porić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
dspahic,YsvWa8z2,Danis,Spahić,OŠ Hašim Spahić Ilijaš
bjapalak,UGmjXxad,Bakir,Japalak,OŠ Hilmi ef. Šarić
akalem,bKHyB9Yx,Adin,Kalem,OŠ Hilmi ef. Šarić
nmesa,NFSuSygT,Nedim,Meša,OŠ Hilmi ef. Šarić
fbeca,MrXMUssz,Faris,Beća,OŠ Hrasno
icukojevic,azFP3ZUa,Ilhan,Čukojević,OŠ Hrasno
lsovic,iwfwhDae,Lara,Sović,OŠ Hrasno
aharacic,fUW4Ha7U,Ahmed,Haračić,OŠ Isa-beg Ishaković
hvuk,dnpPaM4c,Harun,Vuk,OŠ Isa-beg Ishaković
avuk,pm2Xx4Ph,Alija,Vuk,OŠ Isa-beg Ishaković
mikonic,m4EHxirs,Mak,Ikonić,OŠ Isak Samokovlija
ikrajtmajer,87ryjKWx,Ivan,Krajtmajer,OŠ Isak Samokovlija
fdonko,9MHFu5zC,Faruk,Đonko,OŠ Isak Samokovlija
icvrk,EdtNrRSJ,Ilma,Cvrk,OŠ Izet Šabić
jmerdan,jxyKtwsf,Jusuf,Merdan,OŠ Izet Šabić
kzlatarac,YV8FqBaY,Kerim,Zlatarac,OŠ Izet Šabić
zbeljuri,wEZB3fgZ,Zana,Beljuri,OŠ Kovačići
agogalic,j9PRsW3d,Amra,Gogalić,OŠ Kovačići
ejakupovic,staYwZ3H,Esma,Jakupović,OŠ Kovačići
akrivic,ERpyECbs,Adian,Krivić,OŠ Kovačići
abaftic,bJ7w7brV,Amil,Baftić,OŠ Mehmed beg Kapetanović Ljubušak
bbasic,Tw7fFmd4,Bakir,Bašić,OŠ Mehmed beg Kapetanović Ljubušak
abojanic,ZHy9uZHE,Armin,Bojanić,OŠ Mehmed beg Kapetanović Ljubušak
tkorman,bcKqCrhV,Tarik,Korman,OŠ Mehmed beg Kapetanović Ljubušak
ikurtovic,G5VsjzGK,Iman,Kurtović,OŠ Mehmed Handžić
mmatic,Di6qhgpM,Marko,Matić,OŠ Mehmed Handžić
amusic,mKqFBiYP,Ahmed,Musić,OŠ Mehmed Handžić
ksuljevic,g7MXyPfx,Kerim,Suljević,OŠ Mehmed Handžić
ebalija,yd5Mk9uF,Erol,Balija,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
sfejzic,BHScxdrZ,Sanina,Fejzić,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
iibrovic,KtDcUFu8,Irma,Ibrović,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
fmekic,uURDqtbn,Faris,Mekić,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
rosmanovic,hMwnyCp7,Ruben Marin,Osmanović,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
rpasic,TjSDNShu,Rusmir,Pašić,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
dpodgorica,BgRDhP8C,Dželila,Podgorica,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
sstarogorac,Ht72W2m9,Silma,Starogorac,OŠ Mehmedalija Mak Dizdar
emacic,RK8tePJy,Ervin,Macić,OŠ Mirsad Prnjavorac
homerbegovic,M9YrfCaF,Harun,Omerbegović,OŠ Mirsad Prnjavorac
vrizvanovic,a84C8pip,Vedad,Rizvanović,OŠ Mirsad Prnjavorac
ibesic,Rc7jpCbb,Ismar,Bešić,OŠ Mula Mustafa Bašeskija
mcabrera,JbD3sjFU,Mahdi,Cabrera,OŠ Mula Mustafa Bašeskija
bsehic,bjADEcf5,Benjamin,Šehić,OŠ Mula Mustafa Bašeskija
abegic,CSZRJHUS,Arif,Begić,OŠ Musa Ćazim Ćatić
ikadric,U7Vv3ywk,Ilma,Kadrić,OŠ Musa Ćazim Ćatić
kkaric,pUMhiKje,Kamran,Karić,OŠ Musa Ćazim Ćatić
rgadzo,KUSuZ3AS,Rijad,Gadžo,OŠ Nafija Sarajlić
bgracic,KBNuP3SW,Bakir,Gracić,OŠ Nafija Sarajlić
hmulic,gfThuUkg,Hamza,Mulić,OŠ Nafija Sarajlić
halibegovic,M9r6Zxqm,Harun,Alibegovic,OŠ Osma osnovna škola Amer Ćenanović
icustovic,9ucZrBRx,Imran,Čustović,OŠ Osma osnovna škola Amer Ćenanović
mgilic,TH8XwDka,Muhammed Ahmed,Gilić,OŠ Osma osnovna škola Amer Ćenanović
nhrustanbegovic,NRVvk7tV,Nadir,Hrustanbegovic,OŠ Osma osnovna škola Amer Ćenanović
amonic,pH6pZrzH,Armin,Monić,OŠ Osman Nakaš
epavlinovic,DxjH9zMH,Ema,Pavlinović,OŠ Osman Nakaš
arahmanovic,ivqj9PnJ,Asja,Rahmanović,OŠ Osman Nakaš
ejordamovic,Z92UK8yU,Emin,Jordamović,OŠ Osman Nuri Hadžić
ekapetanovic,82qXuywT,Emin,Kapetanović,OŠ Osman Nuri Hadžić
aokanovic,6stwkded,Ali,Okanović,OŠ Osman Nuri Hadžić
isijercic,dYi4RPX9,Imran,Sijerčić,OŠ Osman Nuri Hadžić
abukva,P2vds9KZ,Ajla,Bukva,OŠ Podlugovi
bmahmutovic,u3wHZtbc,Benjamin,Mahmutović,OŠ Podlugovi
fmasnopita,aiU53qnT,Fadil,Masnopita,OŠ Podlugovi
rbeso,3SvnpVCe,Rijad,Bešo,OŠ Pofalići
hkarcic,GJUvhVux,Hamza,Karčić,OŠ Pofalići
tredzovic,Rx4UAh5i,Tarik,Redžović,OŠ Pofalići
mturkovic,7FHtv9pM,Muhamed,Turković,OŠ Pofalići
fhodzic,dn7STSYn,Faruk,Hodžić,OŠ Porodice ef. Ramić
aosmanagic,eYTe66Xz,Amra,Osmanagić,OŠ Porodice ef. Ramić
izunda,7Db5Sfby,Imran,Zunđa,OŠ Porodice ef. Ramić
amuradbegovic,qEAFe2WG,Adnan,Muradbegović,OŠ Safvet-beg Bašagić
dsahinpasic,Dk2dF9qP,Dino,Sahinpasic,OŠ Safvet-beg Bašagić
esahinpasic,BGHTi8qf,Ena,Sahinpasic,OŠ Safvet-beg Bašagić
amrehic,ESbbTaWE,Amar,Mrehić,OŠ Sedma osnovna škola
amuratovic,WSWBtwRk,Anis,Muratović,OŠ Sedma osnovna škola
eparo,FezhystB,Emrah,Paro,OŠ Sedma osnovna škola
ttopalovic,RZeG38An,Tarik,Topalović,OŠ Sedma osnovna škola
fcisija,K2ncZWSf,Faris,Čišija,OŠ Skender Kulenović
fdemirovic,kmjrmgj2,Farah,Demirović,OŠ Skender Kulenović
fdemirovic1,zRECRsex,Faruk,Demirović,OŠ Skender Kulenović
tgalijasevic,viJuNgv4,Tarik,Galijašević,OŠ Skender Kulenović
nvatres,xH9ZC9wZ,Nidal,Vatreš,OŠ Skender Kulenović
agljiva,kFHpsUR3,AJLA,GLJIVA,OŠ Srednje
ahadzihasanovic,gan6mAZB,ALMEDIN,HADŽIHASANOVIĆ,OŠ Srednje
aheric,GWHkvcxX,AMRA,HERIĆ,OŠ Srednje
skulo,b93U9F5X,SAJRA,KULO,OŠ Srednje
msehic,mHdb4PJt,MUHAMMED,ŠEHIĆ,OŠ Srednje
ssmajlovic,AUiGrcTm,SARAH,SMAJLOVIĆ,OŠ Srednje
tcatic,kUfwnA5d,Tarik,Ćatić,OŠ Umihana Čuvidina
ecatic,p9qTxhG3,Eman,Ćatić,OŠ Umihana Čuvidina
bdautovic,d72eRXg2,Beriz,Dautović,OŠ Umihana Čuvidina
mfehric,GC6RdDxb,Mirnes,Fehrić,OŠ Umihana Čuvidina
smujkic,EzjFWjqt,Salem,Mujkić,OŠ Umihana Čuvidina
dfejzic,NTDJhCPC,Danis,Fejzić,OŠ Vrhbosna
hiseric,dmn8thdr,Halima,Išerić,OŠ Vrhbosna
akehonjic,TNnVcV82,Amina,Kehonjić,OŠ Vrhbosna
nkljuno,M6mihgti,Nedim,Kljuno,OŠ Vrhbosna
aduderija,W49tfgvY,Amina,Đuderija,OŠ Vrhbosna
tlokmic,YnK8jbCR,Tarik,Lokmić,OŠ Meša Selimović
ecickusic,CvdeCPBT,Eman,Čičkušić,OŠ Meša Selimović
hokanovic,DAWhi58d,Hana,Okanović,OŠ Meša Selimović
